hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing a vlog of sorts however it is a
collective vlog because I'm going to be
showing you all of my back-to-school
preparation at the moment I'm writing a
to-do list of sorts things that I need
to do in preparation for back-to-school
[Music]
and mums had a millionaire's shortbread
okay and some water and a protein on my
list we chose and we're doing our
back-to-school shopping
I want to get lots of back-to-school
snacks that I conclude in my bag easy
things I can just eat whilst I'm at
school so we're looking now we've just
come across some healthy snacks
[Music]
we realized they put a sail on naked
bars as well so perfect trying to stop
up I'm just going along I'm going to get
some fears some of these some of these
English biases cashews under the eye
okay she's wearing your like we're not
allowed nuts at school
[Music]
it's my vlogging camera hasn't been
working for the last few days say that
is really that it's friendly working and
I've written a list if everything that I
want to be keeping in my backpack and I
find that this is a really useful thing
to do i really suggest writing down
everything that you could possibly need
and even if you decide later that it's
unnecessary at least you've got it down
so I literally write down everything
that I could possibly need at school the
next thing I'm going to be doing is
making a little plan or where I can keep
everything in my backpack
and time are actually going to
logistical eat legalized everything
piece of paper gonna tear it out landed
on my clipboard because it makes me feel
more professional I say that I think I'm
gonna use quill and parchment instead oh
by the way before I forget do you like
this picture that my friend Ruby do for
me she sent it to me today in the post
and I loved it so much that I've just
propped it up on my desk
[Music]
you
my mom has brought real courgettes
which is my favorite food here we go
okay so the next thing to do is go
through my pencil case and basically
just make sure that I've got everything
that I've put on this list at the
beginning of a new term one thing that I
really like to do is write a list of
everything that I need to do every day
and also everything that I need to do at
the weekends and then from that I can
form my morning morning and night
routines for the new school year and
this is just really great at making sure
that I actually include everything in my
morning and night routine that I want to
you and that it's as productive and
efficient as possible
[Music]
aggghhhhh packed and now it's time to go
and get all of my folders ready I have
all of my folders here there are three
of them the red is for English
the blue is for chemistry and the green
it's all sand I just need to start off
by putting my dividers in each of the
focus let's leave it so different to the
ones I've had in the past look they push
it up
[Music]
look for some things that I'm going to
be needing for next year in my day it is
not exactly paranoid some of that I want
[Music]
[Applause]
we're going to do my David
I am now officially all done with
getting ready for back to school I've
sorted out all of my folders I've
written out my routine lists I've gone
shopping for back-to-school supplies
I've packed my backpack
everything is ready and I've got two
days until school starts so thank you
for watching I hope that you enjoyed and
tell me in the comments when you go back
to school I go back on the 6th well I
get back you're sick for a little bit
but technically I go back on the 7th so
thank you again and have a productive
week